KITE-Janus-Test/README.md, before:

#  KITE-Janus-Test


To be updated.

## Test Script


1.	Open Janus demo URL
2.	Check the published video
3.	Check received videos from all participants
4.	GetStats on all the peerConnections
5.	Take a screenshot
6.	Stay in the meeting until the end of the test


## Pre-requisite: KITE-2.0

You'll need KITE to run these sample tests.  
To setup KITE, please follow these [instructions](https://github.com/webrtc/KITE/blob/master/README.md).   

## Config
 
 A sample config file is provided at  
 
 `configs/local.janus.config.json`  

### Important parameters 

Set the address of your Selenium Hub:  
  `"remoteAddress": "http://localhost:4444/wd/hub"`  
  
Set your Chrome version and OS according to what is available on your Grid. The test has been written specifically for Chrome. Some functionality will not work on other web browsers.
```
"browsers": [
    {
      "browserName": "chrome",
      "version": "74",
      "platform": "WINDOWS",
      "headless": false
    }
  ]
```


Set the total number of participants (= number of Chrome instances):  
`"tupleSize": 6`  

Set the **K** number of participant in each meeting room:  
`"usersPerRoom": 2`  

With this setting, KITE will create **N**=3 meeting rooms with **K**=2 participants in each meeting.  


### Report parameters

Whether to take screenshot for each test/client (if false, it will still take screenshot in case of failure)     
`"takeScreenshotForEachTest": true`  


### GetStats parameters

Whether to call getStats  
`"getStats": true`  

How long to collect stats for (in seconds)  
`"statsCollectionTime" : 4`  

Interval between 2 getStats calls (in seconds)  
`"statsCollectionInterval" : 2`



You should not need to change any other parameter.


## Compile


__On Windows:__  
    Just type `c` (which will execute `mvn clean install -DskipTests`). 
    
    ```
    cd %KITE_HOME%
    c
    ```

If you are within a test folder, for example in KITE-Janus-Test, you can type __`c`__ to compile the test module
only or __`c all`__ to recompile the entire project:

    ```
    cd %KITE_HOME%\KITE-Janus-Test  
    c all
    ```  
    
__On Linux:__  
Just type `./c` (which will execute `mvn clean install -DskipTests`). 

    ```
    cd $KITE_HOME
    ./c
    ```
If you are within a test folder, for example in KITE-Janus-Test, you can type __`./c`__ to compile the test module
only or __`./c all`__ to recompile the entire project:  

    ```
    cd $KITE_HOME/KITE-Janus-Test 
    ./c all
    ```
    
__On Mac:__  
Just type `c` (which will execute `mvn clean install -DskipTests`).
    ```
    cd $KITE_HOME
    c
    ```
If you are within a test folder, for example in KITE-Janus-Test, you can type __`c`__ to compile the test module
 only or __`c all`__ to recompile the entire project:  

    ```
    cd $KITE_HOME/KITE-Janus-Test
    c all
    ```


## Run

__On Windows:__  
```
cd %KITE_HOME%\KITE-Janus-Test
r configs\local.janus.config.json
```
__On Linux:__  
```
cd $KITE_HOME/KITE-Janus-Test
./r configs/local.janus.config.json
```
__On Mac:__  
```
cd $KITE_HOME/KITE-Janus-Test
r configs/local.janus.config.json
```



## Test output

Each will generate allure report found in `kite-allure-report/` folder.  
After running the test, you can open the Allure dashboard with the command `a`.

__On Windows:__  
```
cd %KITE_HOME%\KITE-Janus-Test
a
```
__On Linux:__  
```
cd $KITE_HOME/KITE-Janus-Test
./a
```
__On Mac:__  
```
cd $KITE_HOME/KITE-Janus-Test
a
```

Alternatively, the full command to launch the Allure dashboard is:  
```
allure serve kite-allure-reports
```

Commit message:

Updated platform to 'localhost' in the sample config files

KITE-Janus-Test/README.md, after:

#  KITE-Janus-Test


To be updated.

## Test Script


1.	Open Janus demo URL
2.	Check the published video
3.	Check received videos from all participants
4.	GetStats on all the peerConnections
5.	Take a screenshot
6.	Stay in the meeting until the end of the test


## Pre-requisite: KITE-2.0

You'll need KITE to run these sample tests.  
To setup KITE, please follow these [instructions](https://github.com/webrtc/KITE/blob/master/README.md).   

## Config
 
 A sample config file is provided at  
 
 `configs/local.janus.config.json`  

### Important parameters 

Set the address of your Selenium Hub:  
  `"remoteAddress": "http://localhost:4444/wd/hub"`  
  
Set your Chrome version and OS according to what is available on your Grid. You can use `localhost` as the platform name if the grid is running on your localhost, KITE will automatically set it according to your OS.
```
"browsers": [
    {
      "browserName": "chrome",
      "version": "74",
      "platform": "WINDOWS",
      "headless": false
    }
  ]
```


Set the total number of participants (= number of Chrome instances):  
`"tupleSize": 6`  

Set the **K** number of participant in each meeting room:  
`"usersPerRoom": 2`  

With this setting, KITE will create **N**=3 meeting rooms with **K**=2 participants in each meeting.  


### Report parameters

Whether to take screenshot for each test/client (if false, it will still take screenshot in case of failure)     
`"takeScreenshotForEachTest": true`  


### GetStats parameters

Whether to call getStats  
`"getStats": true`  

How long to collect stats for (in seconds)  
`"statsCollectionTime" : 4`  

Interval between 2 getStats calls (in seconds)  
`"statsCollectionInterval" : 2`



You should not need to change any other parameter.


## Compile


__On Windows:__  
    Just type `c` (which will execute `mvn clean install -DskipTests`). 
    
    ```
    cd %KITE_HOME%
    c
    ```

If you are within a test folder, for example in KITE-Janus-Test, you can type __`c`__ to compile the test module
only or __`c all`__ to recompile the entire project:

    ```
    cd %KITE_HOME%\KITE-Janus-Test  
    c all
    ```  
    
__On Linux:__  
Just type `./c` (which will execute `mvn clean install -DskipTests`). 

    ```
    cd $KITE_HOME
    ./c
    ```
If you are within a test folder, for example in KITE-Janus-Test, you can type __`./c`__ to compile the test module
only or __`./c all`__ to recompile the entire project:  

    ```
    cd $KITE_HOME/KITE-Janus-Test 
    ./c all
    ```
    
__On Mac:__  
Just type `c` (which will execute `mvn clean install -DskipTests`).
    ```
    cd $KITE_HOME
    c
    ```
If you are within a test folder, for example in KITE-Janus-Test, you can type __`c`__ to compile the test module
 only or __`c all`__ to recompile the entire project:  

    ```
    cd $KITE_HOME/KITE-Janus-Test
    c all
    ```


## Run

__On Windows:__  
```
cd %KITE_HOME%\KITE-Janus-Test
r configs\local.janus.config.json
```
__On Linux:__  
```
cd $KITE_HOME/KITE-Janus-Test
./r configs/local.janus.config.json
```
__On Mac:__  
```
cd $KITE_HOME/KITE-Janus-Test
r configs/local.janus.config.json
```



## Test output

Each will generate allure report found in `kite-allure-report/` folder.  
After running the test, you can open the Allure dashboard with the command `a`.

__On Windows:__  
```
cd %KITE_HOME%\KITE-Janus-Test
a
```
__On Linux:__  
```
cd $KITE_HOME/KITE-Janus-Test
./a
```
__On Mac:__  
```
cd $KITE_HOME/KITE-Janus-Test
a
```

Alternatively, the full command to launch the Allure dashboard is:  
```
allure serve kite-allure-reports
```
